# Version 1.0.x Changelog

## 1.0.0 - 2025-05-29 - Refactor, and Bird!

First major release! 

### Civilization

- Azumanga now gains +1 Culture for each Amenity

### Leaders

##### Osaka

- Ability: now grants one Eureka and Inspiration from the next era when exiting Anarchy
- Portrait: fixed missing top of the head

### Units

##### Chiyo-Chichi

Now abilities are fully implemented. Added era-based strength (+10 per era) and exploration-based bonuses:

- +2 Jump Range for every 30% of the world explored
- +2 Movement for every 40% of the world explored
- +2 Sight for every 50% of the world explored
- Unobstructed vision after fully exploring the birth continent

### Civilopedia

- Completed entries and fixed missing ability texts on diplomacy/loading screens  

### Districts

- High School: Now costs 44, not 27 before, neither 54 originally

### Gameplay Bugfix - A1

##### Description

If anarchy is triggered by entering the next era, this free civic change will not be granted after that.

##### Affects from

V0.9.0

##### What is shoulf be

Theoretically, a free policy change is granted in the next turn following the end of anarchy.

##### How to reproduce

Stated above.

##### Bugfix

Fixed now.

### Assets

- Corresponding SFX are added. For example, Osaka's Civilopedia entry now plays cute "Saata Andagi~"

### Code

Full refactor and added documentation

## 1.0.1 - 2025-05-30 - Update losing text on bonus yield of Koukou

Update losing text on bonus yield of Koukou, for example:

> +3 Science from the adjacent Summer House


